2022.1:
 * Version 3.3
 * General: New device support added
 * General: Clocking wizard moved outside the core for non-versal GTM devices to overcome MMCM utilizataion.
 * General: Register GT_WIZ_CHANNEL_LOOPBACK_REG is renamed to GT_WIZ_CONTROL_REG.This register is controlling txprecursor,postcursor,maincursor,cdrhold for versal devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.2.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 6)
 * General: New device support added

2021.2.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 5)
 * General: New device support added

2021.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 4)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for Versal GTM
 * Other: Added switching support for frequency 156.25, 312.5 for versal device
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.1.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 3)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added lane selection support in IP Block Automation for Versal board flow
 * Other: Added for new device support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.3:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * General: Added support for GTYP for Versal Premium devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.2.2:
 * Version 3.2
 * No changes

2020.2.1:
 * Version 3.2
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 3.2
 * General: new device support added
 * General: gt_reset_ip version update
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * General: New device support added for
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * Bug Fix: Axi4Lite interface updated to report axi rresp and axi_bresp as 2'b10 for invalid read address and write address.
 * Feature Enhancement: GTM sysmon changes updated in l_ethernet IP to avoid Setup Timing failures.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 50G KP2 soft RSFEC support for both GTY and GTM
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 50G Mammoth Example design update
 * Feature Enhancement: Added new registers to AXI4Lite register map
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Runtime Switching support for Versal devices
 * Other: New device support added
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Feature Enhancement: GTM sysmon changes updated in l_ethernet IP to avoid Setup Timing failures.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2:
 * Version 3.0
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Versal GTWIZ support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 2.5 (Rev. 2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Integrated the changes for the GTM subcore
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.2:
 * Version 2.5 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 2.5 (Rev. 1)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1:
 * Version 2.5
 * Feature Enhancement: Added feature enabling AXI4 statistics counter
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 4x10.3125G with GTM Transciver
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 50G Ethernet Subsystem with GTM transciver
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated Auto Negotiation/Link Training Logic REgister space bit fields
 * Other: added new devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 2.4
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 2.4
 * Bug Fix: Updated example design files for tx_unfout
 * Bug Fix: Updated files for ANLT+ RSFEC validation failures
 * Feature Enhancement: Added watchdog timer in core to reset RX GT
 * Feature Enhancement: Added LAUI with Transscode and LAU2 support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GTM support with KP4FEC
 * Other: added new devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 2.3 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Updated example design files for txdiffctrl width fixe
 * Bug Fix: Added XDC constraints for the tools not to optimize the AXI register map counters
 * Other: added new devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 2.3 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Updated example design files for fixes
 * Bug Fix: Updated clocking for 256-bit Regular AXI4-Stream datapath interfce for 40G speed
 * Feature Enhancement: Added .h (Header) file for AXI4-Lite registers
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 2.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Feature Enhancement: 987055
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 2.3
 * Feature Enhancement: 958028
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated for IPI board assistance support for vcu118 board
 * Other: added support to send continuous packets
 * Unknown category port_changes: Added TXOUTCLKSEL and RSOUTCLKSEL ports for default configuration
 * Unknown category port_changes: Removed tx_ptp_rxtstamp_in for ptp  1 step configuration
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 2.2
 * Feature Enhancement: 958028
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated GTWIZ version from 1.6 to 1.7
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 2.1
 * Feature Enhancement: 959743
 * Feature Enhancement: 50g support  for US+ -1 and -1L speedgrades added
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Port Change: rxrecclkout ports added
 * Port Change: stat_rx_fifo_error ports added
 * Feature Enhancement: 958681
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * Port Change: serdes data and header ports added for GT in Example design
 * Port Change: Ports added for 1588 1 step
 * Port Change: Ports added for Runtime switchable
 * Feature Enhancement: GT outside the IP
 * Feature Enhancement: 40G/50G Ethernet with 50G RS-FEC and 1588 1-step
 * Feature Enhancement: 40G/50G Ethernet runtime switchable for US and US plus
 * Feature Enhancement: 40G board support in IPI and Designer Assistance
 * Feature Enhancement: 50GBASE-KR2 enable RS-FEC and KR FEC in same configuration per 50GBASE-CR specification with optional AN/LT
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 50G support for Ultra Scale Plus -2lV speed grade devices
 * Feature Enhancement: Removed support for 40G with -1 speed devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 1.1
 * Support for IPI
 * Support for 50G 2 core
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * MAC + PCS and PCS only support for 40G and 50G
 * Base-KR and Base-R support
 * FEC, AN/LT and PTP 1588v2 support
 * Support for Virtex Ultrascale and Ultrascale PLUS
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library

(c) Copyright 2016 - 2022 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
